The software shall support a water level sensor.
The thesaurus software shall display about five alternatives for the
   requested word.
The software shall blink the LED on the adapter using a 50% on, 50%
   off duty cycle.
If a boot disk is detected in the system, the software shall boot from it.
     • The software shall be distributed on CD-ROM and DVD media.
     • The software shall prevent Unauthorized Access to patient data.
     • The software shall wake the PC from standby
     • The software shall log the date, time and username of failed logins.

                                                The SW shall display
        The installer SW shall
                                              a count of the number of
        be available in Greek                      participants.



        The SW shall phone the                   The SW shall mute
           Alarm Company                          the microphone



       The SW shall download
          the book without                   The SW shall warn the
               charge                          user of low battery

The installer software shall be available in Greek.
The software shall display a count of the number of participants.
The software shall phone the Alarm Company.
The software shall mute the microphone.
The software shall download the book without charge.
The software shall warn the user of low battery

• The software package shall include an installer.

• The software shall be written in Java.

• The software shall be available for purchase on the
     company web site and in retail stores.

• If the measured and calculated speeds vary by more than
     10%, then the software shall use the measured speed.

• If the memory checksum is invalid, then the software shall
     display an error message.

• If the ATM card inserted is reported lost or stolen, then
     software shall confiscate the card.

• Where a thesaurus is part of the software package, the
     installer shall prompt the user before installing the thesaurus.

• Where hardware encryption is installed, the software shall
     encrypt data using the hardware instead of using a software
     algorithm.

• Where a HDMI port is present, the software shall allow the
     user to select HD content for viewing.


• Where a second optical drive is installed, when the user
     selects to copy disks, the software shall display an option
     to copy directly from one optical drive to the other optical
     drive.


The installer software shall be available in Greek.
The installer software shall be available in Greek.
The software shall display a count of the number of
 participants.

The software shall phone the Alarm Company.

If the alarm software detects that a sensor has
malfunctioned, then the alarm software shall phone the
Alarm Company to report the malfunction.

The software shall mute the microphone.

The software shall download the book without charge.

Where the book is available in digital format, the software
shall allow the user to download the book without charge for
a trial period of 3 days.

The software shall warn the user of low battery.

• The software shall include an online help file.

• If the software detects an invalid DRAM memory
     configuration, then it shall abort the test and report the error.


• Where both 3G and Wi-Fi radios are available, the software
     shall prioritize Wi-Fi connections above 3G.

     The 802.3 Ethernet frame shall be 2048 bytes or less.

     The 802.3 Ethernet frame length shall be between 64 and 1518 bytes
     inclusive.

     The outstanding software written by the talented development team
     shall display the current local time when selected by the intelligent
     and educated user from the well designed menu.

     The software shall display the current local time when selected by the
     user from the menu.

     The software shall allow an unlimited number of concurrent users.

     The software shall allow a maximum of twenty concurrent users


     The software shall be backwards compatible with all prior versions of
     Windows®

     The software shall be backwards compatible with Windows® Vista
     SP2 and SP1, and Windows® XP SP3.

          The manual shall be easy to find on the CD-ROM.

          The manual shall be located in a folder named User Manual in the
          root directory of the CD-ROM.

         #1: The user shall only be allowed to enter whole numbers.
         #2: The user shall be allowed to enter the time interval in seconds
         and tenths of a second.

         #1: The user shall only be allowed to enter whole numbers except
         if the time interval is selected.
         #2: The user shall be allowed to enter the time interval in seconds
         and tenths of a second.

     The software shall prompt the user for the PIN.

The software shall prompt the user for the PIN.
